guys hello welcome back can you see me
okay welcome back to another video we're
starting this word very differently and
I'm going to explain I'm not reading my
car and look at all of the patterns but
today I'm going to collect some stuff
I'm going to collect a cake for Mason's
birthday I feel like you can hear me but
obviously he's in the house and I'm
having to be really sneaky I haven't
really mentioned where I'm going but
it's his birthday tomorrow
and I really wanted to vlog his birthday
and I've got loads of like decorations
and obviously because everything's shut
at the moment and all of that I'm doing
it all very much like DIY and I've
bought like a big helium canister I
haven't actually used them before so I'm
doing everything myself other than the
birthday cake which I'm going to collect
and it's about half an hour from where I
live so I'm just driving over there and
obviously I couldn't start the vlog in
the house so yeah really excited to show
you what I'll go to and everything I
just thought would be a nice little
different blog if you have a birthday
coming up in lockdown or with your
partner's boyfriends girlfriends
whatever I thought this could be a bit
of a helpful video as well if you're
struggling for like ideas or anything
like that yeah I really need to get me
one thing I've really missed about not
driving these you know spare me if I'm
gonna put some Tory Lanez
[Music]
I've just got back I've collected the
cake really afterward that I asked like
a small order because obviously the only
two of us so I knew would end up eating
a whole big ones pitch in here it's an
absolute bomb site I need to start
wrapping and organizing I've got these
little hate stoppers I didn't do the
measurements right so like obviously
they're not going to fit on there but
I'm just gonna try to cut them down but
this is like a Cleveland I'm going to
blow up and then I've got this little
stencil to go on top of the 27th
birthday may fit and tie and I'm just
thinking I might rank up like a balloon
actually you know as well it's usually
because in service she makes me feel
nervous I've no use this it can't be
that difficult surely
black blue also pleased with that
I couldn't get their cancer to work at
first and offered value to put a little
black blue so you can actually see the
rise in
[Music]
[Applause]
so what had the malfunction of that
[Music]
[Applause]
my dad has been amazing
he surprised me okay all day so that she
been a few days since Mason's birthday
and like the bank holiday weekend and we
just had the best few days at home that
we really made the most of it and I'm so
glad and Mason had a nice birthday and
everything we had a few like technical
issues with my camera I just took that
as like a sign maybe I wasn't meant to
vlog that much this weekend and that is
absolutely okay life these things happen
basically the past few days we've just
been really chilling out on Mason's
birthday we drove out to the Peak
District and went on like this new walk
that we found we had like a Ricky little
picnic and then we're out for my sad a
like phone a few people drove around
like there's some really nice little
drives I put in a little clear but very
pretty
we made a den like downstairs in the
living room he talked about doing this
for ages but it's one of those things
you know that you just never actually
ended up getting around doing so we took
like a mattress topper and then put that
on the floor in the living room and we
just like had like a little movie night
effort like wasn't I can I couldn't like
a drive-through cinema obviously in my
living room
found a new series called it's time
piercer I thought was the four series
that we could like binge on for the
evening but it was only two episodes and
its really really good we also ordered
an Indian food that's Mason I was like
favorite takeaway food I got really ill
that no it didn't agree with me like we
got something new and we had an order
from this place before so I was not well
that night I think that's also I didn't
really vlog that much I finished a whole
cake within like two days between tubers
it was just the best best a long time
but anyway I didn't want to just pop on
here I he who messaged me about the cake
that I put my story and they were like
what you actually eat that you actually
cake and Wow
that is crazy to me like of course I'm
gonna eat cake
I must admit a few years ago it's like
birthdays came around I'd always feel a
bit like nervous if I was trying to meet
like a fitness goal back then that's
just like a lack of knowledge like one
day of eating hella cake is not going to
change your body overnight oh that's
impossible it's not gonna hinder your
progress because you don't eat like that
every day and I really wanted to mention
that on here I would never restrict
anything I enjoy or eat like especially
on occasions like birthdays anything
like special occasion you know eat the
bloody cake and also it'd be so damaging
to then restrict or do anything crazy
the next day because it's just gonna
have like a continual effect because
you're gonna be hungry the following day
if you restricted the next day so I just
really be mindful of that I would say
and I would mention is if you do have
like the odd day or so are few days
where you haven't tracked all you've
gone off your macros or just feel like
you've kind of lost your way a bit do
not worry like we all have those days
and moments like we can't all just be
plum in a1 you know it's not realistic
we're just human at the end of the day
each and every one of us so yeah don't
feel like that but I think it's policy
just start fresh the next day just hit
your macros don't do anything drastic or
crazy cute makes things very
unsustainable that was helpful and is
useful if you're someone who's
struggling differently to put this video
as it was such nice at weekend and I
also wanted to add this little bit extra
in on the end but I really hope you
enjoyed it and if you don't already
don't forget to subscribe and I'll see
you in the next video